{As I said before, we will have
either graphic novels or complex
scenes as our items.}
{Right now, the first item is a
series of pictures that tell a
story.}
{Imagine that you're telling the
story that someone who cannot
see the picture.}
{Describe what you see and what
is happening as thoroughly as
you can as you go through the
story.}
{We'll ask that you take around
10 to 15 minutes to tell the
whole story.}
{It will be at most 3 pages
long.}
{When you're all done showing me
the story, then I have to tell
it afterwards. You will tell it
as I go through the picture. OK,
OK, OK.}
{OK, so we're going to start
right now.}
{Well, there's the there's that
image in the front. I can't see.
It says this meeting is being
recorded. Oh, I would just have
to say. Got it?}
{You can describe what you see
and what is happening, OK?}
#START_quest Two children are.
Under a covered bridge, stone
bridge.
Looks like it could be in
Central Park, New York City. The
children are.
About 12 years old.
They're under the bridge because
it started to snow.
no it started to rain.
Umm.
It also appears.
That they might be afraid of
someone or something.
One of the children is looking
at a door.
Perhaps afraid that someone is
coming through.
Outside the bridge.
There's a park bench, there's a
street light.
A can for garbage, and there's
a.
Beautiful statue, 2 statues.
Umm.
Of an Angel or two.
There's also two bicycles there.
Or maybe it's looks like it's
one bicycle with two seats.
That's probably how they got
there, and they'll probably
leave when it stops raining.
{Whenever you're ready, you can
tell me that turn the page. Is
that about what you want or do
you want less than that? Is that
OK? OK, you can turn the page.}
As expected, someone did come
through the door.
Looks like.
It's.
A medieval king. And he's
holding a piece of paper.
I'm not sure what's on the
paper, but the children look
afraid.
There's a.
Purple bird, large purple bird
with a long tail, a ribbon like
tail.
And the bird is hovering over
them, maybe trying to protect
them.
Suddenly the king grabs the one
child and is about to grab the
other.
Oh, the boy grabbed the paper.
But a knight comes out of the
door and grabs the king. So the
children, two knights, come out
and March the king back in the
inside behind the door, and the
children are free.
The boy has the paper in his
hand and they look, they're like
they're a little afraid. Still,
he has a little bit of that
purple thing.
I don't know. Something purple
in his hand.
Ohh.
The girl. I guess one of those
Childs was a girl.
She had some sort of.
band around her and it might
have some kind of bullets in it.
Maybe that's a large purple
bullet.
Any.
It's a key. Perhaps it's a key.
Gosh, they're brave. They're
going to open up that door. They
open up the door with the keys
and they go on in.
That's it. Birds following them.
Ohh.
Oh, I see. So they came.
On the other side, they came out
to a beautiful scene.
There's a huge castle.
In the not too far distance some
water between them and the
castle.
There's a waterfall.
Um, they're hiding on a rock.
There are some sort of.
Vehicles in the sky.
Blimp like vehicles with people
in them.
Um, looks like there's smoke
coming from the.
Tops of the castle. I'm not sure
if there's a fire and there's a
lot of the king is returning.
Looks like he's going back
inside the castle. They're
watching him.
So now they've opened that
paper. It was a map.
OK.
And they're pointing to a spot.
On the map.
Think they're still on that same
rock? The bird is still there.
Um.
And a ship is.
Going out under a large bridge.
There's a lot of what appear to
be soldiers on the bridge.
I don't think they've seen the
children yet.
On the map oh, they're pointing
to.
I don't know a building with a.
It's like the Acropolis. I
don't. They're pointing to a
building with a triangular roof.
Maybe that's where they want to
go.
OK, well, I think they decide
they want to follow.
The smaller boats. I don't know
where the smaller boats came
from, but somehow they got.
Some flippers for their feet.
And they.
Dive into the water with the
large purple bird. I don't know
what's going to happen to that
map.
OK, Ohh, there's that building.
It looks like the Acropolis and
they're underwater.
And they got.
A system to breathe. I don't
know where they got that, but
they're all set. They've got,
they're all set. They've got a
way to breathe. They've got
their flippers and looks like
that big bird is pulling them
down. Down way below the surface
to that building that they saw
on the map. There are fish
flying around.
Swimming around and.
I don't know what they're going
to find. {That's about it
there.}
So now they've looks like
they're in that building.
And in it they see a beautiful
statue with two with seahorses,
one on each side. It's like
there's a big shell on the top.
Umm.
And they're reaching for
something in in that shell. I
can't tell if they're reaching
for something or putting it
there, but I think they're
taking something from the shelf.
But suddenly here comes one of
the soldiers, or several
soldiers. Six soldiers saw them
and they're chasing them, so off
they go.
Holding on to the tail of that
bird.
They must have escaped because
now I don't see anyone behind
them and they are coming out of
the water.
And they found a bit of land.
Maybe a small island. There's
palm trees.
And they're running. They must
still be afraid. Maybe there is
still someone behind them so
now.
I don't know what they're
drawing on, but they're drawing.
Oh, with the purple and red pens
that she had with her that I
thought were bullets. OK,
they're drawing themselves.
Maybe they're drawing.
Themselves an escape hatch? I
don't know. The bird's still
there.
Ohh, they drew up through
themselves.
Some form of escape looks like
a.
Purple rhinoceros and you've got
a really nice.
Arrangement to sit on the back
of the rhinoceros and they're
OK, so they're going down a
hill.
Through.
Another set of statues to
another building that looks more
like.
I don't know, doesn't look like
a castle. It looks no looks
different. Maybe it is the back
of the castle.
Umm.
In the distance, there's water.
Another building with a very
narrow maybe.
Suspension bridge with string or
wire or something,{ that's about
it.}
Yeah, there it is.
They made their way to that.
Very dilapidated rope bridge.
And they're going to that, the
peak of that other building. I
don't know what they're after,
but the bird seems to be leading
them.
Umm.
They're crossing the water and
they're almost halfway to the
top of that other little
building.
There they are. Now they're on
the top.
The soldiers are pursuing them.
So we still got the map. I don't
know how he kept that dry
underwater, but.
they're drawing again. They are
drawing some form of escape.
Maybe those are propellers.
You're going to, I don't know.
Let's see what they're going to
do. The bird is still there. All
feathers. Maybe. We'll see.
Oh.
Oh, oh, just in time. Just in
time. They finished drawing a
swing and some extra wings for
the bird and so that the bird
could fly faster and higher. And
they just, just in time they
missed the grasp of the soldiers
that were chasing them. Now
they're off to the mountains.
On the top of the mountain.
There seems to be.
a Temple.
Of some sort.
And the bird is dropping them on
the top of it.
Soldiers are still pursuing them
in those.
blimpse. I don't know.
What they're going to do? Ohh
she's still got her crayons, so
they're about to Draw Something
else. I'm sure that's it.
Ohh, they are all over and
they're about to get. Grab the
bird. Bird has something in its.
Mouth.
Um.
Know where the kids went. The
kids are still there, but.
I don't know what's going on
here. They're about, oh, did
they go off with the bird? I
don't know. They might. They
might be trying to grab the
bird.
{I don't know what else to say
about this thing. Oh.}
The kids are still there.
The bird.
Ran off with the crayons.
And somehow.
With all those colors made a
beautiful rainbow.
And.
All the soldiers look like
they're angry, confused, maybe
even afraid.
Of the beauty of the rainbow,
but the kids look happy.
So maybe they're going to well,
{let's see what happens. I don't
know.}
{Can you describe a little more
of the scene? Describe more of
the scene?} There is the water
below still the castle in the.
Distance bar distance surrounded
by water.
So they were on the mountain.
The rainbow goes all the way.
Down to a.
A ship.
In which the king is standing.
And a bunch of.
Soldiers are.
are
We're sitting, but it looks like
the rainbow has.
caused some kind of.
Problem. And some of the
soldiers are either.
They've been knocked into the
water or jumped into the water.
Um.
Bird which did which brought
that rainbow down to the boat is
now.
Taking off, I don't know where.
The children are the castles in
the distance right behind the
boat.
There's a
nice reflection of the rainbow
in the water.
Well, I don't know how they got
there, the kids.
I didn't catch that, but
somehow, maybe the kids, I don't
know, somehow the kids got.
Looks like they're going into
the castle.
In.
Looks like that boat, that same
boat that the king was in. The
soldiers are gone. There's a
couple there, but they don't
look angry. The kids are on that
purple rhinoceros. Oh, the king
is on the rhinoceros.
Ohh.
Now there's just.
I cannot tell. He looks
victorious. The kids do not look
scared anymore. I don't know.
Somehow the rainbow brought joy
to the world.
The city is.
Is golden under the rainbow.
People seem to be celebrating
oh.
that
Bird, or whatever it was seems
to be.
Underwater.
Parts of it. I can see parts of
it {OK, I I just, I don't. I'm
kind of confused.}
Well, I don't know why, but the
king is suddenly.
Not frightening character
anymore. Maybe it must have been
the rainbow.
He's welcoming them into his
castle. Oh, and now he's looks
like he's helping them depart
because there's a waterfall we
saw at the beginning and the
door they came in through.
Um.
And they're going to leave this.
No, I don't the the bird is
leaving.
And Umm.
Hmm.
Yes, giving them each a crown or
he he ohh they must have given
him the gold crayon because he
has just drawn them each.
A gold crown and the bird is
still there. Oh, there were two
purple things. There was. Ohh,
they drew them anyway. OK,
they're saying goodbye and he's
saying thank you.
And
off they go. It stopped raining.
It looks like. It still looks
like New York City to me.
{I just drove by that bridge
like that just a couple months
ago.}
There, the rain is stopped.
They've got their crowns. They
will probably now go home.
On their bicycle and have
dinner.
#END_quest Tell their story.
{OK, so that's the end of the
first item.}
{That's weird. Yeah, without
yeah, wordless books are free to
open to a lot of possibilities.}
{Complex scenes, right? So now
we're going to see a complex
scene. You are again, imagine
that you're describing it to
someone who cannot see. It
prescribes in as much detail as
you can about what is happening
and what you see, and it will
take around. Try to take between
three and five minutes. I'll
I'll keep an eye on it, and if
it's too long I'll let you know,
but just feel free to describe
it as much as you.}
#START_picture_this The book
Open so that you can see it 2
pages and the two pages
are full
Of cartoon figures, the
portraits of Cartooned.
Figures.
So each frame seems to be
wooden. There must be.
At least 200 small.
Framed cartoon characters, most
of them have.
Only one?
Or two.
Persons or animals.
The colors are bright. There's
bright red, there's yellow,
orange, green, blue and lots of
colors.
Some of them are just body
parts, like just a hand or just.
Uh.
cow Or just the face of a horse
or.
There's a 2 headed fish.
But most of them have something
going on, for instance. {Can't
make them bigger, can I?}
Umm, there is a.
Man in bathing trunks.
In water that is coming a spout
of water coming out of.
Something and he's got.
Snorkel gear.
And flippers on his feet.
There's a.
There's a man who is.
Bent over.
Fence. He's got a.
Beret on his head.
There's a dog who's pulling a
man.
and he is on his stomach being
pulled through. Maybe the snow.
He's lost his hat.
There's a man holding his hat
with about 10 hats on his head.
There's a large chimp.
Was a hat a lot of hats here.
{Come to think of it, had seemed
to be a theme}. They are just
bizarre. Some of them are funny.
Some of them are a little gross.
There's a tree, and the tree is.
got eyes and he's sticking his
tongue out. But again, they're
all very cartoon like.
There's a.
Witch and a man leaning against
a palm tree and it's so weak, or
he's so strong that it's it's
it's bending as he puts his hand
out to lean on it.
And as he does that.
Something falls out of the tree
and scares another man.
There's a cactus running.
And there's.
{You'll tell me when to stop,
right? Yes, there are.}
{I'm not even going to try to
describe that one} couple of.
Court jesters.
Fighting.
And.
Caveman petting a purple looks
like no.
Looks like he's just maybe going
to invent the wheel.
Yes, and a man with a.
Bucket on his head and.
#END_picture_this A lot of them
look like Cavemen.
{OK, you can stop now. Oh,
good.}
{I don't know how that could be
helpful to you, but.}
{You're not going to show these
to people with aphasia, are
you?}
{OK. All right. So we'll do one
more and then we'll take a
break.}
{If I can get it to move,
there's another graphic novel.
Again, it's 10 to 15 minutes.}
{What's happening? What I see
and what's happening right where
you see and what is happening to
someone who do not have access
to the pictures?}
#START_journey We're looking
inside the House of.
A young girl.
And it's a cross section of the
house, so we can see her father
is upstairs working on a letter
or something because her mother
is in the kitchen cooking.
And she's just sitting. You can
also see the basement.
You can see the furnace and some
pipes, and you can see that the
pipes go out of that house and
underground and into the next
house. But.
Um, it's neat. The house is
neat. Oh, there's another
person. There's maybe her sister
sitting on the couch, so they're
all in the house. She's sitting
on the front stoop.
1234 steps and she has.
She looks sad. or bored. She has
a scooter in front of her. It's
red.
The rest of the.
Entire picture is very shades of
brown and.
biege So then across the street
from her well, you see, you see
a fire hydrant and a street.
A red light stop light.
And you see another house, but
we can't see inside that house.
But we can see a young boy.
Well, there's four young,
there's four children in front
of the other house. Three of
them are.
Playing together and one is
standing by himself near a
mailbox and he's got.
Red Crayon in his hand looks
like he's thinking about drawing
something.
Well, the girl must have gone
back inside.
Um and.
Mother is still in the kitchen,
cooking.
And the mother is also on the
telephone.
The girl.
Then goes and talks to her
father, who is still busy
working, but now he's on the
computer. And then she must. Oh,
she left her scooter in the
kitchen. Now she has a kite.
Umm.
She must have gotten bored with
her father, so she went on to
see her sister, who is still
sitting on the couch.
And she still has something red
with her, but I'm not sure if
it's the kite.
And then she got bored.
Their sister too, so it looks
like she went into her room.
She's sitting on her bed, looks
very sad, very bored.
The cat is sleeping on the
floor. Near her there's a
dresser one window.
Her doors open.
The cat gets up.
And when the cat gets up.
She sees a red crayon. Now she's
little interested in that, so
she goes over and picks up the
red crayon.
And starts drawing on the wall.
Well.
She draws herself a door.
And goes into it.
When she comes out the other
side.
She sees she's in Central Park.
There are.
There are beautiful.
Lanterns hanging from.
The trees and strings of lights
hanging from tree to tree.
The door.
Opened from the bottom, from the
the bottom of a trunk of a tree,
and she looks.
alive now, yeah.
so she walks a little ways.
You can still see she's still.
There's still loads of trees and
lanterns and lights and it looks
like it's.
Dusk.
She finds a little.
Duck and she walks out on the
dock.
There was no boat, so she drew
herself one.
Her red crayon and she got in
it.
And she's floating away.
Wow.
She has floated all the way back
to the castle.
And she's heading right toward
the castle.
Surrounding the castle is water.
And.
It's huge castle with 25 towers
and domes of gold and theirs I
don't see. Like see just a few
people here and there.
There's a windmill in the
distance and a flag on top of
some of the towers.
Somehow, her little boat has
made its way.
Up in toward the top of the
castle.
Now she's greeted by.
Several.
Soldiers in yellow uniforms, but
they're.
Greeting her with waves.
And.
She's still just sitting there
in her boat.
Umm.
{I don't know what else to say
about that one.}
Um, she's gotten to the end of
the line.
And the water that was carrying
her has now, it's now become a
waterfall and.
People are staring at her about
and she's.
Wondering what's going to
happen. Clearly she's going to
go down. Oh, but just in time
she gets her red crayon out and
she draws a big.
Round.
Red something. Maybe a balloon?
Big round, red balloon and a
basket into which she hopped
just in time. And she's
floating.
Up.
And away.
And not far from her.
Is a another.
plane
Um.
But a very bizarre one. And in
the distance in the clouds I see
that bird, that purple bird with
long tail.
There's a weather. There was a
weather vane on that tower.
{That's if you want to meet and
name things, OK?}
Hmm.
She notices from her basket in
her balloon that.
there's a soldier in one of
those little.
Planes.
That is trying to catch that
purple bird.
With the long tail.
They're pointing at it.
And they're moving in, in that
direction. And one of them has a
net and it looks like he's about
to put it over the bird.
It looks like that big plane,
that big plane is the mothership
and then there are little these
little planes that maybe do the
work. OK.
I don't know what? Oh, there's
the bird. Oh, they did get the
bird.
They got the bird and they put
it in some sort of a cage and
took it back to the mothership.
And it looks like.
Someone is pointing, 2 people
are holding the cage and
someone's pointing at it.
Meanwhile, the girl is still
there in her red balloon, and
she's moving toward the bird. I
mean, maybe she wants to try.
Yeah.
{You know what else to say
there? OK} so she lands her
balloon.
On the mothership and starts
running down a.
Little bridge, a little bridge.
It's going to try to figure out
a way to climb up because the
cage, the soldiers with the cage
and the bird are two levels
above her.
Oh, there. She found a way.
Looks like there were were
ladders. So she climbed that.
She climbed up two levels. Now
she's just about.
To get to the bird. And the
soldiers are not looking,
they're looking the other way
and she's got her red crayon, so
let's see what happens.
Oh, they spotted her. They
spotted her but
Only after she grabbed the cage
and started running off with it.
She ran.
Faster than the soldiers. She
must have run very fast. Yeah,
very fast, because she got to a
spot where she had time to open
the cage and release the bird.
Her red crayon is lying there,
and if she's not careful.
She might lose it. Oh, you can
see inside that ship now, there
are lots of soldiers and they're
all getting kind of worked up.
OK, off goes the bird and let's
see what happens to her. Oh.
The bird got away, but she did
not. Two soldiers grabbed her
arm.
And the crayon has fallen.
fallen it's. I don't know where
it's going, but she is now in
some kind of a.
Cage.
And they are turning the wheel.
I don't. They must. I think
they're lowering her.
Ohh, but just in time the bird.
Who that she released was able
to grab that Crayon and it
brings it to her in the in her
cage.
So.
She released the bird from its
cage. Now the bird is releasing
her from her cage. She's out the
birds on her back and she's
drawing again. This time she's
drawing a big.
Red Square. Maybe a door?
Oh no. She drew herself a magic
carpet that flies.
So now she is up in the air, out
of her cage, up in the air above
the clouds.
Flying right behind the purple
bird. She's still in the
vicinity of the.
Castle.
As you can see people below, you
can still see some towers which
is on her way.
Now she's left the castle
behind. She's out. It's very
dark now. You can see thousands
of stars.
Beautiful.
Purple sky. You can see the
silhouette of a palm tree, and
the mountains look blue in the
distance, and they're flying
over the water away from the
castle.
Back to Central Park? Oh no,
that's a palm tree. No, that's
not Central Park.
Back to the palm tree that she.
Back to the door in the tree
that she came out of.
The bird looked sad. Sad to say
goodbye. She leaves her carpet
behind.
And she takes her crayon and she
goes.
Through the door. Oh.
She invited the bird to come
with her. I think the bird went
in first and then she went in.
Ohh that was came out of this.
Huh.
So she's.
Sitting in the back, she's in
the back of an open mail box
with her red crayon, and it
looks like she and the bird just
came out of there.
And the boy who was standing by
himself earlier looks really
happy. He has a purple crayon,
so he.
May have created that bird.
Bird gone back to sit on his
hand, now his shoulder.
And.
The girl draws herself a red.
Circle, and the boy draws
himself a purple circle, and
we're going to, I think they're
going to make a bicycle.
And.
Now, together, they're driving
off.
#END_journey And the bird is
following them.
{Alright, so that's the end of
this item. We can take a 5
minute break because it's been a
little more than an hour. So OK,
508 will come back at 5:18, OK.}
{Again, this is this the whole
thing, or this is just the start
of it? This is the start of
another graphic novel. So it
goes down one side and then it
goes over to the other side,
right?}
{Again, take between 10 and 15
minutes. Describe what you see.}
{This one's a little hard to
see.}
{Yeah. I have to study. I have
to study it a little bit before
I start talking. Is that OK?
Yeah, of course.}
{Well, I don't quite understand
what's in the first.}
#START_arrival-6 But I do see a
a pot in the 1st frame. Then
something is coming into the
pot. It looks like a praying
mantis and it lands on the pot
and goes into the pot.
Meanwhile, you can see a
reflection of a man.
Writing a letter.
By gaslight maybe or and, or
candlelight and.
He's writing it by dipping his
pen into an ink bottle of ink
and writing a little bit, so it
must take him a long time, but
he finishes the letter and he
folds it.
And the way he folds it.
He turns it into a.
Bird.
And he puts the bird.
like an origami bird into an
envelope.
With some money.
At least $5 and licks the
envelope, seals it, puts a stamp
on it and.
Takes it downstairs.
With the.
Someone's following him. Some
big fish is following him. When
he gets to the bottom of the
stairs, he chats with a woman. I
think he's asking where the
mailbox is, and she points over
there. She says she's carrying a
basket, so he goes to the box
that she pointed out and.
Odd looking mailbox, but he.
Reads, and he decides to put his
letter in there.
And as soon as he does.
He looks up. He he looks
startled because the mailbox has
gone up in the air.
And he turns around.
And walked home.
With.
Fish by his side, meanwhile, all
the.
What sort of appear to be trees
are actually big leaves.
Now.
We're going to see one of those
leaves or trees.
A little more closely, one of
them starts to split down the
middle.
And splits more.
Until the.
Both half of the leaves fall
away and all that remains is the
stem and.
A tiny little flower.
And you get a closer. Look at
the flower or the flower starts
to grow maybe.
{Oh, wait a minute. I supposed
to go all the way across the top
right? It's oh, I didn't do that
last time.}
{I didn't do that last time. I
went down the the left side of
the page and then I went over to
the right side.}
{Right. Sometimes the books are
OK, so alright, so this one
alright, but I'm still kind of
on the same track here, so it's
split.)
And open there's a flower, and
the flower seems to be changing.
First it's just getting bigger,
but then it's getting darker and
then it's.
Losing its pigment and it's now
all that's left is the.
The skeleton of the leaf.
{That's it. I don't have
anything. Oh, this is the same
story.}
{You can describe what you see.
It's helpful to gather the
words, the names of things.}
{Or any description. With
fictional books it's a bit
harder to exactly name things.}
I don't know.
How we got here, but now we're
in sort of a.
Fantasy land and you can see on
the ground, yeah.
Uh.
It's an upside down horseshoe.
And.
A little boat and a statue and
maybe some tiny trees. There may
be some people.
There are some.
I don't see much else on the
ground. Then there are several.
Rectangular and square
buildings. one of them has
windows.
Lots of windows. Another the
other one, I cannot tell if it
has windows or not, but I'm on
its roof.
Are.
All sorts of shapes, triangular
shape and upside down, horseshoe
and what look like.
Polls and.
{This weird something. I don't
even know how to describe these
things. That's OK so on.}
{Ohh, I didn't even look at the
other page. We can go back.
Yeah, OK yeah, that it's more
the same. No, that's fine. It's
just more of the same.} They
look like they look like bowls
and teepees. It's.
{This this page looks like I'm
looking at a bunch of dishes and
bowls, yeah?}
Like a mortal and pestle or
whatever that is. Whereas the
other page look like buildings
but OK this look like teepees.
{I let's go to the next page if
you don't mind this.}
OK, there's that.
That.
pot again looks like the same
pot from the beginning, and now
the praying mantis or whatever
it was is.
Got had babies, baby Praying
mattresses in there now.
and
the man that pot is on his.
Window sill.
Outside the window you can see
he someone has hung some clothes
to dry out. On the clothesline I
could see the clothes pins. I
think they're outside, some of
them are inside. He also has
lines hanging inside where he's
hung his pants and his socks.
And maybe a shirt.
He's looking at a photo in
A-frame of three people.
He's sitting on the edge of his
bed. His shoes are on the side
of the bed on the floor.
The desk he was sitting at
earlier is.
Covered with books.
The chair is there with pants
draped over it.
And there's a very large.
pot to his left, on the wall he
has taped.
A lot of notes, letters.
There are some objects that are
the same shape as the ones that
were on the roof off to his left
on a bookshelf.
The finish is sitting.
Next to him on the bed fish or
frog?
Suddenly it jumps.
It jumps into a kind of a hatch
with a ladder and he he he's
looking to see where it went and
decides to follow it. He goes
down the ladder.
Oh, there is his letter, the
fish found his letter. He opens
it up and there's the bird that
he folded the other day and he's
smiling because.
I'm not sure why, but he's
looking out the window.
Hmm. It's no longer a bird,
it's.
Looks like the praying mantis.
{I don't know what to tweet
about when he looks out the
window. That is the end of this
part of the story.}
{Um, and then we're going into
another part of the story.}
{It's, um, yeah, it's a magical
story. So it's a lot of things
are not what we see, not daily
objects.}
{So this is a new story or a new
part? Part. OK, new part.}
There is a.
Piece of paper that's been
folded to look. To me it looks
like.
It's an insect. {Now, am I
supposed to go down or over for
this page or just describe each
object, right? Yeah, OK.}
{OK. So I'll go across, alright,
OK.}
triang looks like a triangular
shaped.
Container with a hole in the
front. Through that hole I can
see what appeared to be some
beautiful plates.
Next to that is a hat and a
scarf hanging on.
Hooks.
On the wall.
Below that and to the left is a
bowl.
With.
123.
Objects with they look like
maybe horns, maybe horns of a
RAM.
And then something that looks
like a white.
Pine cone and behind it is an
egg standing on its end, and in
front of that bull appears to be
a very odd.
Fork. Long Black, unusual fork.
The picture next to that is
someone's drawing.
Drawing of that.
And it's a drawing of a to me.
It looks like a boat.
{Are you still there? OK, good.
OK.}
{Sorry about that. I better turn
that off.}
the
drawing of I think it's a boat
almost looks like a submarine.
Umm.
But there's like steam coming
out of the top. I don't know.
Yeah, a ship. A steamship maybe,
but the wheels in the wrong
place.
Wheels also got to be somewhere
else, so that's why I don't know
if it's a ship or a airplane,
but anyway.
{If I looked at that upside
down, if we look any better,}
the clouds, it's upside down
because the clouds are below
them. That's got to be an
airplane, OK, because there are
clouds below that, below the the
boat. So it's got to be a plane.
That's a plane and it's flying
by steam and there's another one
in the distance. {OK, that's
enough of that one. Oh, good
grief.}
Looks like an oil can. An oil
can, and next to it is some kind
of a little now maybe another
oil can.
One of them has a small hose at
the top, the other has a key.
This next one is a cup.
And a saucer, but instead of
having, instead of having a a
handle.
It is as if the handle.
Broke and it's just went out
straight. There's no it's a very
unusual handle. It's straight
and it's sitting on.
A piece of fabric.
Next to that is a portrait of.
What appears to be a father, a
mother and a daughter.
From about the 1940s next to
that is.
Of an adult hand putting a coin
into the open hand of what
appears to be a child.
Near them is.
That's cup and saucer.
{Hmm. That's it, right? These
are bizarre, yeah.}
Ohh.
This is a family. They look
happy.
I see that.
Triangular container with the
plates in it that I saw earlier.
I see that same portrait up on
the mantle.
I see the.
Folded piece of paper that
looked like an insect. I see all
those things. I see that shelf
or that.
The the hat and the scarf
hanging from the hooks on the
wall.
I see what appeared to be,
though. I called them the like
the horns of an animal. I see
one of them anyway. I see that
fish or frog on the floor,
looking up at the girl. They
look quite happy, the family.
The father smiling, the mother
smiling. I imagine the girl is
smiling. Father's holding up
three fingers.
And there's a.
I don't know, maybe some kind of
food in front of the mother with
three?
Things coming out of it {and
that's about it.}
Someone's putting on their
boots.
{Is this a continuation of the
same story?}
OK, looks like the little girl
is decided to put on her boots,
her rub her boots and her hat.
She's grabbed her hat. On it
goes.
And she starts running with that
fish
And they go outside and they run
down the stairs.
Lots of stairs, 20 stone stairs.
It's a beautiful place, and the
trees there look like leaves
again.
And they run down the stairs
outside and they see some.
Lights, little lights in the
grass and they pick them up and
they become bigger.
And one of them. So she's almost
holding it in her hand. Maybe
it's.
#END_arrival-6 Going away? { I
don't know. Yeah, it's bizarre.}
{Alright, so that was that
part.}
{Again, the reminder for complex
scenes will take about 3-5
minutes.}
{Describe what you see in as
much detail as you can. It's
quite complex so.}
{Ohh low battery. Hold on. I got
a low battery warning. You just
have to better do this.}
#START_wild_west Wild West. OK,
well.
OK again all.
These are not photographs, these
are drawings of people and
animals and things.
Very bright colors. It looks
like it's from well, it says
it's from the Wild West, so.
We have a jail in out in front
of the jail.
Are some.
Cowboys with cowboy hats. And
two of them. One of them has.
They all have boots, of course.
There's a horse and he's sitting
and he's drawing covered.
And Umm.
And looks like there's some
fighting going on, a couple of
fights going on, one man running
away. There's more men than
women. I see a lot more men than
women, but I do see a woman in a
long pink dress outside the
jail. Very busy, very congested.
Lots of people.
Then down the road from the jail
is the.
The bar.
And there's 1 2 2 people on
there.
That have fallen down. Looks
like they fell off the step and.
People going in, people coming
out. So horse waiting outside a
White Horse with a blanket.
Next to the bar is the hotel,
and it looks like you can see in
the hotel. Oh the.
Fire departments there, because
it looks like there's some kind
of fire going on in the
upstairs. I don't know if the
fire Department's there,
somebody in yellow, but maybe,
Umm.
{oh dear. This is so small,
yeah.}
{OK, I'm going over to the other
page.} Oh, that's another saloon
{There's not much to say about
that. What's this?}
There's a train. Let's go over
to the train.
The train has just come into
town and.
Not much going on around the
train. There's a stagecoach. Oh,
a Stagecoach. A lot of people
are on the Stagecoach. Maybe
they're changing the wheel or
something. They might have a
problem with one of the wheels.
A lot of these men have scarves
around their faces. They're on
their necks.
On top of the stage approach is
a bunch of luggage. Somebody's
either just come in or just
going out.
There's a bank, says it's a
bank. Not much going on there.
a lot of bars there's another
bar.
OK, this, this, this bar on its
roof are some 1 2 3 men. And
they look like they're.
Well, I thought they were
repairing the ceiling, but the
more I look at it.
I think they're just.
Being silly, four or five men up
there. One has a bottle of
something, the other is.
Doing something to the chimney
and the other is on his hands
and knees, so I don't. I don't
think they're working. I thought
they were working. 1 looks like
he's about ready to fall off and
the other looks like he's ready
to jump off.
OK. Oh.
That livery unstable.
Well, there are so many salons.
There's just saloon saloon
salons.
OK, there's another saloon and
there's a bunch of people.
There's somebody playing the
piano and a bunch of people.
Singing. And there's also
someone playing a violin.
At least they're doing something
constructive.
I still don't see many women.
Oh, there's one more woman. I've
only seen three women in this
whole thing.
There's a woman and some men in
front of another saloon. My
goodness, that's all. There are
saloons.
There's a cactus way over on the
right and meaningless. Oh, and
there's another woman. That's
the fourth woman. Oh, there's a
fifth over there watching a
horse jump. Must be.
So what's going on? The horses
jumping. Looks like he's jumping
into the sunset and.
Cowboys waving bye and all the
people are waving to him.
#END_wild_west Bunch of people
in white coats, and I don't know
what they're doing, mean, you
might think they're doctors, but
they probably are going to need
a lot of doctors with all these
saloons. {I don't know what
else. Is that enough?}
{Thank you. God, that was
horrible. You can hardly see
what's going on. Yeah, can I?
Can I? I could have made them
bigger, couldn't I? A little
bit.}
{Things are depends on the size
of your screen. Ohh OK.}
{A story? Yep, there's another
part of the story. Is this it or
is it gonna go on? It will be a
few more pages.}
{OK, let me study it a little
bit. Take your time.}
{I don't know, I'll just give
this a go. Yeah, go ahead.}
#START_arrival-5 OK. This looks
like.
Buildings look ordinary at the
bottom, but at the top.
They are a bunch of.
So on the roofs are a bunch of.
Owls. I don't know if they're
what they're made of. They could
be.
But it just looked like a bunch
of owls on the roof. At least
245678 of them.
Umm.
And I don't see any people, but
they appear to be.
Lots of birds coming out of the
tops of the owls.
Maybe inside?
One of those buildings, perhaps
a man, is tying a rope.
Around a small.
triangular shaped.
Vessel with a top that looks
like a cat.
And.
I'm not sure what he did with
it. {Do I go across, then
across? Right?}
But, but then then you see the
man. I don't know what he's done
with that triangular.
thing that, he tied the rope
around, but now he's got a.
Umm.
Bowl in his hand and he's
talking to a man.
Pointing me saying this way over
there.
And.
I don't think.
The man. I don't know where the
man went, but somehow the the
man with the bowl gave the bowl
to a young boy. So now the boy.
Has the bowl and he's about to
go up the stairs and behind him
is that.
White fish and.
And another odd character.
Characters so the boy brings the
bowl to his mother.
And she looks thrilled it's got.
Unusual.
Fruits or vegetables in it, and
she.
{That's not the same person and
then.}
And now you see a picture of
that boy, grown up, giving the
same bowl to his mother when
she's older.
And now you see.
See two
boys.
Maybe brothers?
And the mother, the mother
saying, come on in.
And so they share four of them
now, four of them sharing a
glass of something to drink and.
Cheering the unusual fruits and
vegetables.
Slicing them.
And putting them in a in that.
And in that unusual vessel and.
{I don't know, this is just
weird.}
{It's a different world, kind of
painful.}
{OK, I don't know. I can't
really see the last one because
it's behind you, behind your
image, but} there's a bowl and
he's got his hands on it. {Oh,
so they're, they're holding the
oh, this is whole new one now
you gave me.}
OK, these are the four people
sharing.
The drink together.
Umm.
And the odd little white fish
and the other darker character.
On the floor, the boys offering
them something to eat.
The man has a torch and he's
lighting.
One of the.
He's lighting something, yeah.
And the.
Other two people are chatting
while they're eating.
Umm.
This fellow has glasses and
suspenders and he looks very
happy.
The woman next to him has.
Big smile. She's laughing. She
looks very happy. She's got
fruit in front of her and
something to drink and he had
something to drink too.
I don't know who this other
person is. Maybe his brother. He
has a vest. He's got a very
unusual fork. Happy, everybody's
happy. And now we're playing
instruments. Looks like an
accordion, unusual accordion.
And the woman is playing.
An unusual flute.
and the little boy.
Playing in unusual banjo.
And now it's time to get some
paper and do some paper folding.
So.
That's Big Brother. The Big
Brother takes a piece of paper
and folds a cat. Oh, that cat
looks that looks like a cat that
looks like that black.
Thing that was on the floor and
the boy says, well that's great.
And meanwhile the boy is wearing
somebody's hat. No, I don't
remember where that hat came
from.
he says thank you that's
beautiful. And.
Then the other brother goes to
get something.
Out of the cupboard, he gets
that little.
That little pot and together he
and that's the father. The
father and the mother hold that
pot and smile. And now we're
looking at a close up of that
pot in the father's hands.
All right.
There's the pot.
And.
It looks like it's getting
smaller.
{Probably not what's really
happening on the?}
The boy wakes up and it looks
like he's getting older.
And the fish comes.
And he pets the fish, and then
he.
Puts on his shirt, he's
buttoning his shirt and he's
cutting.
A fruit or vegetable and giving
some to the fish.
Now that he's all dressed and
sitting at the table, and then
he puts on his vest and then he
puts on his jacket.
And then he looks, and the fish
is brought in his hat. He says
thank you.
{Yeah. So that's that part of
the story. Nice. That's it,
yeah.}
OK, we're out in the middle of a
town square.
And.
Looks like almost everyone has a
hat. Yeah, this town square and
couple people are carrying.
Bags. Some people have unusual
things on their head. I see one
person with a.
Bowl on his head and someone
else with a bird on his head.
There are banners in the air
hanging from, I don't know,
maybe building to building.
Umm.
There are two men with.
Big sticks and.
Perhaps they're fighting and
there's a man now he doesn't
seem to fit.
See, that's yeah. Yeah, he has
some.
Mexican hat and a big basket.
And he's like, he's wanting to
feed some unusual creatures. And
then there's all these women all
have hats too. One has a helmet
and.
They are women that.
But they all have hats and they
seem to be exchanging.
Money or something. Somebody's
buying something, but I don't
know what another man is
crafting.
Plate or bowl?
I think it's spinning. Maybe
he's working on it.
Another man is.
Painting on a wall. He's up on a
ladder painting. And this woman
is.
She has a small wagon in which
she has something I.
Want to say she's selling
something, but I can't see what
it is.
Umm.
Top of the next page there's a.
Someone who's come to the door.
And he may be. Perhaps he wants
to sell something. And the other
man, he's holding up a bowl and
he has a hat on and it looks
like he's saying no, no thank
you, I don't want any.
Ohh and then the man.
Go somewhere else and.
And maybe he's trying to sell
something.
And the man?
Says again. Everybody has hats,
don't they? The man, I was gonna
say. The man with the hat, but
they both have that. The man
with the glasses who's sitting
down says no, thank you. I I
don't need any. I don't want
any. And then.
Perhaps it's the same man or
another man. He goes into a
store, there's a counter and a
woman behind it, and lots of
pottery behind her, and it seems
like he's either asking her
something or trying.
Sell her something and she says
no. Everybody saying no, no, no.
There seem to be little
creatures watching them from
their 4 4 little pots. OK, and
the next one there's.
Some kind of big.
Ship with a propeller and.
#END_arrival-5 Men working on it
up on the scaffold, and lots of
men down below, perhaps working
on something else. Big bridge
behind them.
{I can't imagine how this is
helping you.}
{Yep, welcome crew. Like this
will be the last item we do
today. It's a complex scene
again. I'll tell you when it's 5
minutes to the best to your
asbestos you can tell tell me
what you see in this picture.
What is happening?}
#START_deep_sea_divers We're
looking at a.
Cross section of the ocean. So
we're seeing under the water and
we're seeing on the water and
we're seeing above the water.
Above the water we have 3 4.
Little islands and on one island
or a bunch of mermaids and one.
Strange man on another island we
have a bunch of people in
striped.
Everybody here has seems to have
stripes, but different striped
pants and they're all fishing.
And on another island, there's
only two people that they're
fishing. Well, there's even more
islands, but in fact, most of
the other islands, what they're
doing is fishing and not much
else. Oh, and one fisherman
caught a person. He's pulling
him up on his line.
Everyone has striped pants,
either red and white stripes or
blue and white stripes and green
and white stripes.
Now on the water are.
Maybe 20 boats and the boats are
striped.
Your green and white striped.
You're blue and white striped.
Your red white stripe now in the
boats.
are people fishing.
And just standing there.
And.
One of them has one boat with
the fishermen have Nets, most of
the others are fishing with
fishing poles. Ohh few people
have fallen in the water and
they're looks like 1 fellow's
got his arms up, maybe calling
for help.
Some of them.
Have masks?
Umm.
There may be. I don't see any.
I don't see anything else. Oh,
there's a.
OK, so there's one boat where
the fish are.
Jumping from one boat to the
other boat.
There's some really big boats in
the distance. OK, now we're
going underwater. Underwater.
Oh, so there's a fish with a net
trying to catch a man, fish with
a big net trying to catch a man.
There's a school of fish, a
school of yellow fish. There are
so many people, I don't know how
they can move. There's a circle
of red fish. So fish in the
shape of a circle. A circle of
fish that are red inside the
circle.
There are five little green fish
forming a smile.
The yellow fish in the middle
for a nose and two blue fish
that look like eyes. The whole
thing creating a face.
Um, there's some shells. I see a
pink shell. I see. I don't see
too many shells. There's coral
on the bottom.
Pink coral. Yellow coral.
Umm.
There's coral that looks like a
hand.
There are people on the very
bottom of the ocean and rocks
down there and they're just.
Touching the rocks and looking
around.
And they have very.
A primitive looking breathing
equipment.
I see a dogfish, a fish that
looks like a dog.
I see Octopus
I see.
At least one to two octopi.
I see a big fish I almost missed
because he's like polka dotted
huge and he said, oh, it looks
like they just caught him.
Somebody in a little boat caught
him, but I.
It's a good chance that he's
going to swallow the boat rather
than.
him get the fish
Oh my gosh, there are fish.
That have that look like they
formed themselves so that they
look like they're in the shape
of an arrow. There's fish that
have grouped themselves so
they're in the shape of a fish.
There's an ice skate underwater.
What else? Little unusual things
can I find and ice skate?
A shark Oh, how could I miss
that? There's a shark headed
right for one of the.
Swimmers.
#END_deep_sea_divers And there's
a guy holding on to the tail in
the back.
{It's 5 minutes. Ohh good. Thank
you today. We're done for
today.}
{OK, good. Yeah. Thank you for
your time. Yep, quite a lot to
see and yeah.}
{Are all the stories similar?
Are all the things I'll be doing
similar to that?}
{Alright, so I'm going to stop
recording now.}